docs: misc docs reorganize and cleanups (#2768)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/integrations/mlflow.rst

======

MLflow is an open source framework for tracking ML experiments and packaging ML code for
training pipelines. BentoML focuses on ML in production and is agnostic to the

> experimentation platform and the model development environment. BentoML provides
> additional serving and production model deployment capability for MLflow users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experimentation platform and the model development environment. Thus, BentoML provides
additional serving and production model deployment capabilities for MLflow users.
```

integration at: `bentoml/gallery: MLflow Examples <https://github.com/bentoml/gallery/tree/main/mlflow>`_.

Why use MLflow with BentoML?
----------------------------

> MLflow is great tool for managing ML experiments and capturing models created from
> the experiments. It makes it easy to compare models trained with different parameters or
> architectures, help understand the training process, and allow data scientists to find
> the best model.
> 
> BentoML's model store, on the other hand, is mainly used for "finalized models", containing
> models from your periodic training pipelines meant for running in production. It is designed for
> managing artifacts for building, testing, and deploying prediction services.
> 
> BentoML natively integrates with MLFlow. Users can port over models logged with MLFlow
> to BentoML's model store for model serving, and easily combine MLFlow's experimentation
> and training workflow with BentoML's model deployment workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow is a great tool for managing ML experiments and creating model snapshots from
the experiments. It enables data scientists to perform hyperparameter tuning quickly and compare model performance efficiently, which helps with determining the optimal model parameters for any given ML task.

BentoML's model store, on the other hand, is designed for managing model artefacts that will be used for building, testing, and deploying prediction services. This means the model store is fitted to store your “finalized model”, sets of models that yield the best outcomes from your periodic training pipelines and are meant for running in production. 

BentoML integrates with MLflow natively. Users can not only port over models logged with MLflow Tracking to BentoML's model store for model serving but also combine MLFlow's experimentation
and training workflow with BentoML's model deployment workflow in an efficient manner.
```

integration at: `bentoml/gallery: MLflow Examples <https://github.com/bentoml/gallery/tree/main/mlflow>`_.

> Why use MLflow with BentoML?

Reviewer: we want to make the argument of integrating bentoml to mlflow right?

----------------------------

MLflow is great tool for managing ML experiments and capturing models created from
the experiments. It makes it easy to compare models trained with different parameters or
architectures, help understand the training process, and allow data scientists to find
the best model.

> Whereas BentoML model store is commonly considered for "finalized models", containing
> models from your periodic training pipelines running in production. It is designed for
> managing artifacts for build, test, and deployment, focus more on serving efficiently in
> a production environment.
> 
> BentoML natively integrates with MLFlow. Users can port over models logged with MLFlow
> to BentoML models store for model serving, and easily combine MLFlow's experimentation
> and training workflow, with BentoML's model deployment workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BentoML's model store, on the other hand, is mainly used for "finalized models", containing
models from your periodic training pipelines meant for running in production. It is designed for
managing artifacts for building, testing, and deploying prediction services.

BentoML natively integrates with MLFlow. Users can port over models logged with MLFlow
to BentoML's model store for model serving, and easily combine MLFlow's experimentation
and training workflow with BentoML's model deployment workflow.
```
